
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                               695866107750                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 463026                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                                 732820                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   913261                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                  1800.98                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              386382834                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                   833897921                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    1644761359                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.695866                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                695866107750                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.clk_domain.clock                           250                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu.Branches                         202519368                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                   833897921                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                    1644761359                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data    225488680                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    225488680                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 46576.755306                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 46576.755306                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 46076.755306                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 46076.755306                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data    225476759                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       225476759                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    555241500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    555241500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.000053                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000053                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        11921                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         11921                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    549281000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    549281000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.000053                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000053                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        11921                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        11921                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data    100168683                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    100168683                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 42148.782169                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 42148.782169                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 41648.782169                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 41648.782169                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data    100166507                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      100166507                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     91715750                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     91715750                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.000022                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         2176                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2176                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     90627750                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     90627750                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         2176                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         2176                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data    325657363                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    325657363                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 45893.257431                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 45893.257431                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 45393.257431                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 45393.257431                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data    325643266                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        325643266                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    646957250                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    646957250                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.000043                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data        14097                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total          14097                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    639908750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    639908750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.000043                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        14097                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        14097                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data    325657363                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    325657363                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 45893.257431                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 45893.257431                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 45393.257431                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 45393.257431                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data    325643266                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       325643266                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    646957250                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    646957250                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.000043                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        14097                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total         14097                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    639908750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    639908750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.000043                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        14097                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        14097                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 695866107750                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.replacements                  13073                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           60                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          190                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          774                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs          23101.182025                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses        651328823                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  1023.877890                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.999881                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999881                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 695866107750                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             14097                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         651328823                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          1023.877890                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs           325657363                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle            135500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks         2554                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total              2554                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                   225488680                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                           902                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 695866107750                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                   100168683                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                            58                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst   1064581991                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total   1064581991                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 41062.880518                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 41062.880518                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 40562.880518                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40562.880518                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst   1064579363                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      1064579363                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    107913250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    107913250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000002                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000002                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         2628                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          2628                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    106599250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    106599250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000002                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000002                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2628                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2628                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst   1064581991                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total   1064581991                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 41062.880518                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 41062.880518                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 40562.880518                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40562.880518                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst   1064579363                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total       1064579363                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    107913250                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    107913250                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000002                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000002                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         2628                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total           2628                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    106599250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    106599250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000002                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000002                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2628                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         2628                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst   1064581991                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total   1064581991                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 41062.880518                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 41062.880518                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 40562.880518                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40562.880518                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst   1064579363                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total      1064579363                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    107913250                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    107913250                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000002                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000002                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         2628                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total          2628                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    106599250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    106599250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000002                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000002                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2628                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         2628                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 695866107750                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.replacements                   2372                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           80                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          134                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           42                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs          405092.081811                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses       2129166610                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   255.985574                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.999944                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999944                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 695866107750                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs              2628                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses        2129166610                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           255.985574                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs          1064581991                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle             71000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.idle_fraction                     0.000000                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock           4000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 695866107750                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 695866107750                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                  1064581991                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           282                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                 1.000000                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                       2783464431                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles               2783464430.996000                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads            960596077                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes           661112416                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts    132482629                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses              135084141                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                     135084141                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads            150108422                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes           110060842                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                    60018308                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                   0.004000                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses            1554700762                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                   1554700762                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads          2845042997                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes         1207069355                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                   225488647                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                     325657320                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                  100168673                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 19694      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                1219001344     74.11%     74.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                       37      0.00%     74.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                     34780      0.00%     74.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                25006283      1.52%     75.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     75.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                    1360      0.00%     75.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     75.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     75.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     75.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     75.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     75.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                     6186      0.00%     75.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     75.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                 20011216      1.22%     76.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     76.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                    12096      0.00%     76.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                10006589      0.61%     77.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     77.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     77.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                   1110      0.00%     77.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     77.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     77.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     77.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     77.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     77.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     77.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            35003343      2.13%     79.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            10000001      0.61%     80.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     80.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     80.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     80.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     80.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     80.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     80.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     80.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     80.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     80.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     80.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     80.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     80.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     80.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     80.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     80.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     80.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     80.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     80.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                190465857     11.58%     91.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite               100156267      6.09%     97.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead            35022790      2.13%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite              12406      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                 1644761359                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    695866107750                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    59                       # Number of system calls
system.l2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side         7628                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        41267                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_count::total                   48895                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       168192                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1065664                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_size::total                  1233856                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 695866107750                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy              9319500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bus.reqLayer0.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bus.respLayer0.occupancy             1971000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bus.respLayer1.occupancy            10572750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bus.respLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bus.snoopTraffic                       82176                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::samples              24602                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::mean              0.015202                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev             0.122358                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows               0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::0                    24228     98.48%     98.48% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::1                      374      1.52%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::2                        0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows                0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value                0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value                1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::total                24602                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests        15445                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops          374                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests          32170                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops              374                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus.snoops                              7877                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp               14549                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          3838                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict             19484                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq               2176                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp              2176                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          14549                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2cache.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::.writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2cache.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2cache.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::.writebacks          301                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2cache.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total          301                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::.cpu.data         2176                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::total         2176                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56930.046636                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 56930.046636                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 51930.046636                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51930.046636                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::.cpu.data          675                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::total              675                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     85452000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     85452000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.689798                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.689798                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::.cpu.data         1501                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::total           1501                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     77947000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     77947000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.689798                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.689798                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         1501                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         1501                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.cpu.inst         2628                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.cpu.data        11921                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        14549                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57302.005731                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60208.558610                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 59722.648017                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 52302.005731                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 55208.558610                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54722.648017                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_hits::.cpu.inst          883                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_hits::.cpu.data         3228                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_hits::total         4111                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     99992000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    523393000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total    623385000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.664003                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.729217                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.717438                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::.cpu.inst         1745                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::.cpu.data         8693                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::total        10438                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     91267000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    479928000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    571195000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.664003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.729217                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.717438                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1745                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         8693                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total        10438                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         2554                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         2554                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         2554                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total         2554                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst         2628                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        14097                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           16725                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57302.005731                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59725.819109                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 59371.555407                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 52302.005731                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 54725.819109                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54371.555407                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst             883                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            3903                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                4786                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     99992000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    608845000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total    708837000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.664003                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.723133                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.713842                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          1745                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         10194                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             11939                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     91267000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    557875000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    649142000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.664003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.723133                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.713842                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1745                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        10194                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        11939                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst         2628                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        14097                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          16725                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57302.005731                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59725.819109                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 59371.555407                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 52302.005731                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 54725.819109                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54371.555407                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst            883                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           3903                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total               4786                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     99992000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    608845000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total    708837000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.664003                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.723133                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.713842                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         1745                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        10194                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            11939                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     91267000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    557875000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    649142000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.664003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.723133                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.713842                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1745                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        10194                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        11939                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 695866107750                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.replacements                      7877                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          106                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          413                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         3577                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 2.661739                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              269333                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    30.907524                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   685.446408                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  3378.309391                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.007546                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.167345                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.824783                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.999674                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         4096                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 695866107750                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                11973                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               269333                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse             4094.663323                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  31869                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                65750                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           1284                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 1284                       # number of writebacks
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     3752.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                    52625429.61                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 26536.33                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples      1284.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      1745.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples     10174.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       9694.33                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                          1.10                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                       1.10                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          0.12                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       0.12                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       30.97                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst        160491                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total            160491                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst             160491                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data             937560                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total                1098050                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks          118092                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst            160491                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data            937560                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total               1216142                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks          118092                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total                118092                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         4539                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     185.401190                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    120.549374                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    226.809547                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          2394     52.74%     52.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         1193     26.28%     79.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          354      7.80%     86.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          185      4.08%     90.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          105      2.31%     93.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           64      1.41%     94.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           40      0.88%     95.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           28      0.62%     96.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          176      3.88%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          4539                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  762816                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   764096                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                     1280                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                    80960                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                 82176                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       111680                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         111680                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          111680                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          652416                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              764096                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks        82176                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total            82176                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         1745                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data        10194                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     24399.47                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     26850.05                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       111680                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       651136                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 160490.644329702947                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 935720.238057534560                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     42577078                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    273709446                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks         1284                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks 16780480361.21                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks        80960                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 116344.220674541109                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 21546136783788                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds            73                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState               203814                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                1193                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds            73                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             1745                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data            10194                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                11939                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks          1284                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                1284                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     65.39                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       17057.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                797                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                721                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                507                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                746                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                674                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                746                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                879                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                785                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                625                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                761                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               792                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               822                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               807                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               834                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               776                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               647                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                  1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                 49                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                 51                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                 55                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                 79                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                158                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10               244                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11               236                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12               207                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13               142                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                43                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       1.387136388432                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000016842                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 695866107750                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples           73                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean      163.082192                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     110.537301                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     420.192474                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-127             48     65.75%     65.75% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-255           23     31.51%     97.26% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-383            1      1.37%     98.63% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::3584-3711            1      1.37%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total             73                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    11918                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      11939                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  11939                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        11939                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  64.26                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      7659                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                      20                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    44720088                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                   695866055750                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                316286524                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     115546726                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples           73                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.328767                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.303574                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.928780                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                23     31.51%     31.51% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                 3      4.11%     35.62% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                47     64.38%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total             73                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                      48                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                      50                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                      74                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                      74                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                      73                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                      73                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                      74                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                      73                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                      73                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                      73                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                      73                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                      73                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                      73                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                      73                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                      73                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                      73                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                      73                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                      73                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                      1284                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                  1284                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                        1284                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 75.93                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                      975                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl_0.actBackEnergy          12813017536.682222                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.actEnergy              22461933.312000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.actPowerDownEnergy                0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.averagePower             529.815444                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  670489024140                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_0.memoryStateTime::REF    23234380000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_0.memoryStateTime::SREF             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_0.memoryStateTime::ACT     2142703610                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_0.preBackEnergy          298189969278.137817                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.preEnergy              11055778.272000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.prePowerDownEnergy                0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.readEnergy             38751481.440000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.refreshEnergy          57604159036.806641                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.selfRefreshEnergy                 0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.totalEnergy            368680610656.878052                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.totalIdleTime                     0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl_0.writeEnergy            1195612.320000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.actBackEnergy          12777996428.714491                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.actEnergy              25475119.488000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.actPowerDownEnergy                0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.averagePower             529.821712                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  670555436622                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_1.memoryStateTime::REF    23234380000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_1.memoryStateTime::SREF             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_1.memoryStateTime::ACT     2076291128                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_1.preBackEnergy          298219418846.201660                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.preEnergy              12548256.336000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.prePowerDownEnergy                0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.readEnergy             40134753.792000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.refreshEnergy          57604159036.806641                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.selfRefreshEnergy                 0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.totalEnergy            368684972784.605896                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.totalIdleTime                     0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl_1.writeEnergy            5240343.360000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        31682                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2cache.mem_side::total        31682                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  31682                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       846272                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2cache.mem_side::total       846272                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  846272                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 695866107750                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy             6227718                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer0.occupancy           16671976                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer0.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples             11939                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                   11939    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total               11939                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests         7804                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests         19743                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              10438                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         1284                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict             6520                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              1501                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             1501                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         10438                       # Transaction distribution

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
